# Traceability Support Files
This contain four parts:


## 1- Report Generation Velocity Template [VTLTemplate.txt](VTLTemplate.txt)
This is the report generation template that reads block definition and requirements diagrams in SysML model created by Cameo Systems Modeler. 
We implemented this template to create a DSL descriptions that can be imported by DOORS using DXL library. 

### See:
- [How to write velocity Template](https://velocity.apache.org/engine/devel/user-guide.html)
- [How to Generate Report](https://docs.nomagic.com/display/MD190/Report+Wizard)
- [How to generate report from VTLTemplate](steps.md)

## 2- [The Generated Report](Report.txt)
The DXL description was Generated by Cameo System Modeler using the VTLTemplate.txt in the previous step. This report describes all the elements of the diagrams in the selected model, their relationships, and their descriptions. In addition, it keeps the same `Names` and `ID` of these elements to facilitate updating and modifying the models in DOORS instead of creating new data when changing the models in the modelling tool to keep them aligned.

## 3- MT-DSL Classes [MT-DSL-classes.txt](MI_DSL_Classes.txt):
We used MI-DSL language to define SysML classes. These classes descripe the SysML models and used to create the DXL Library to import SysML models in DOORS tool. 

## 4- [DXL Library](https://github.com/Smart-Contract-Modelling-uOttawa/Traceability/tree/main/CGS4Adaptation/DXL%20Library%20for%20SysML%20Model)
This includes the DXL library generated by the xText editor for one time using the MI-DSL classes. xText editor generates the DXL library automatically via Xtend transformations.

## 5- [Smart Home's Models](Models/README.md)
This contains all smart home case study models including GRL, features and SysML 



